README.md, before:

sublime-apl
===========

SublimeText highlighter for "A Programming Language" (APL)



Show me!
--------

| Go from                                                                             | To                                                                        |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| <a href="doc/apl%20not%20highlit.png"><img src="doc/apl not highlit small.png"></a> | <a href="doc/apl%20highlit.png"><img src="doc/apl highlit small.png"></a> |



Is it thorough?
---------------

Sublime-APL covers the complete APL language with a well balanced coloring scheme, including Dyalog and APL2 extensions.

![](doc/opertable.png)





Current Library Status: *Usable*
--------------------------------

This library is considered to be ready and usable.  Will put it up as a package soon.

Improvements will be gladly accepted.





Author
------

* [John Haugeland](mailto:stonecypher@gmail.com) of [http://fullof.bs/](http://fullof.bs/).





Copyright
---------

Copyright (c) 2014 John Haugeland.  All rights reserved.





Thanks
------

Thanks to:

  * [FichteFoll](http://github.com/FichteFoll/) for help with string notation





Polemic :neckbeard:
===================

`sublime-apl` is MIT licensed, because viral licenses and newspeak language modification are evil. Free is ***only*** free when it's free for everyone.

Commit message:

package control mention; install instructions

README.md, after:

sublime-apl
===========

SublimeText highlighter for "A Programming Language" (APL)



Show me!
--------

| Go from                                                                             | To                                                                        |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| <a href="doc/apl%20not%20highlit.png"><img src="doc/apl not highlit small.png"></a> | <a href="doc/apl%20highlit.png"><img src="doc/apl highlit small.png"></a> |



Is it thorough?
---------------

Sublime-APL covers the complete APL language with a well balanced coloring scheme, including Dyalog and APL2 extensions.

![](doc/opertable.png)





Plugin installation
-------------------

`Package Control` is the easiest way to install this highlighter, and will manage version changes over time.

To install through Package Control:

* Bring up the command list (`ctrl-shift-P`) and type install package, which should bring up `Package Control: Install Package`. Package Control will pause briefly to fetch the list of available plugins.

* When the plugin list appears, type `apl`.  When you see this package, choose it.






Current Library Status: *Usable*
--------------------------------

This library is considered to be ready and usable, and is available in `Package Control`.

Improvements will be gladly accepted.





Author
------

* [John Haugeland](mailto:stonecypher@gmail.com) of [http://fullof.bs/](http://fullof.bs/).





Copyright
---------

Copyright (c) 2014 John Haugeland.  All rights reserved.





Thanks
------

Thanks to:

  * [FichteFoll](http://github.com/FichteFoll/) for help with string notation





Polemic :neckbeard:
===================

`sublime-apl` is MIT licensed, because viral licenses and newspeak language modification are evil. Free is ***only*** free when it's free for everyone.
